good morning it's november 22
2020 and it's a sunday
here in l.a looks to be a clear morning
with a gentle breeze
around 54 degrees fahrenheit
12 celsius
this morning i was thinking about
mother nature and what a tremendous
job she's got trying to restore
balance in this world
trying to bring back clean
air and clean water
clean soil and eventually
good food
and she's just asking i think
for us to work with her and not against
her
should be going up to around
73 degrees fahrenheit this afternoon
maybe 23 degrees celsius
and there will be some clouds
but a whole lot of beautiful blue skies
and golden sunshine all along the way
everyone have a great day